## Reflection Document

### HTML

**01-html**

❏ Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the
videos or the solutions for help?

->I did it on my own but later saw your videos to check for safety

❏ How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one
exercise that was particularly helpful?

->Starting with the fundamental HTML components and their layouts was made very easy with the help of the exercises in this part. The form exercise was especially beneficial to me since it clarified the meaning of each of the various features and attributes that make up a form and their respective functions.

❏ Was there something that you wish had been explained better?

->No everything looks perfect to me

❏ Were there other exercises that might have helped you learn this week’s
topic a little better?

->No 

**02-a11y**

❏ Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the
videos or the solutions for help?

->I saw the videos first and then wrote the code myself.

❏ How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one
exercise that was particularly helpful?

->Semantics wise the exercise is very helpful when dealing with and creating webspages. I found the exercise on Accessibility mainly helpful for naming the classes and elements such that the readability increases.

❏ Was there something that you wish had been explained better?

->No.


❏ Were there other exercises that might have helped you learn this week’s
topic a little better?

->No.

**03-css**

❏ Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the
videos or the solutions for help?

->I was able to complete most part of the exercices on my own with occasional help from the videos.

❏ How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one
exercise that was particularly helpful?

->The exercices were very helpful in getting to know css better. The exercises on media queries and specificity were particularly interesting and helpful.

❏ Was there something that you wish had been explained better?

->No.


❏ Were there other exercises that might have helped you learn this week’s
topic a little better?

->No.


**04-flexbox**

❏ Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the
videos or the solutions for help?

->I was able to complete the exercises mostly by myself, but I also took a little help from the videos.

❏ How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one
exercise that was particularly helpful?

-> The exercises on flexbox  were very helpful, especially understanding how changing the window size dynamically changes the display of the flexbox as well.

❏ Was there something that you wish had been explained better?

->No.

❏ Were there other exercises that might have helped you learn this week’s
topic a little better?

->No.

**05-css-grid**

❏ Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the
videos or the solutions for help?

->I was able to complete the exercises on my own.

❏ How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one
exercise that was particularly helpful?

->The exercises in this section were very helpful in understanding the concept of css grid.

❏ Was there something that you wish had been explained better?

->No.

❏ Were there other exercises that might have helped you learn this week’s
topic a little better?

->No.

**06-bootstrap**
❏ Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the
videos or the solutions for help?

->I was able to complete the exercises on my own and took some help from the videos.

❏ How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one
exercise that was particularly helpful?

->I am new to bootstrap, the videos were really understandable for me.

❏ Was there something that you wish had been explained better?

->No.

❏ Were there other exercises that might have helped you learn this week’s
topic a little better?

->No.

**07-javascript**
❏ Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the
videos or the solutions for help?

->I was able to complete the exercises by myself and also by checking the videos.

❏ How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one
exercise that was particularly helpful?

->The exercises are helpful in understanding javascript, particularly information related to dom, functional.

❏ Was there something that you wish had been explained better?

->No.

❏ Were there other exercises that might have helped you learn this week’s
topic a little better?

->No.

**08-jquery**

❏ Were you able to complete the exercises on your own or did you use the
videos or the solutions for help?

->I have seen your videos and solved htis exercise.

❏ How helpful did you find the exercises in this section? Was there one
exercise that was particularly helpful?

->Both the exercises are helpful in understanding jqueries. Now I understood how to handle jqueries and can try working on my own without help. 

❏ Was there something that you wish had been explained better?

->No.

❏ Were there other exercises that might have helped you learn this week’s
topic a little better?

->No.

### Accessibility

**01-html**

All four exercises have been assessed for accessibility using both the Wave extension and the W3C Markup Validation tool for HTML. No errors were found during these evaluations. However, it seems that the link provided for loading the puppy images in the "02-images.html" exercise may no longer be valid, resulting in the webpage failing to display any puppy images. This issue could potentially impact accessibility. Please advise on an alternative link to resolve this matter.

**02-a11y**

The accessibility of the form has been assessed using the Wave extension and the W3C Markup Validation tool for HTML, both of which reported no errors.

**03-css**

All six exercices have been assessed for accessibility using the Wave extension and the W3C Markup Validation tool for HTML, both of which reported no errors.

**04-flexbox**

The accessibility of the flexbox has been assessed using the Wave extension and the W3C Markup Validation tool for HTML and CSS, both of which reported no errors.

**05-css-grid**

The accessibility of the css-grid has been assessed using the Wave extension and the W3C Markup Validation tool for HTML and CSS, both of which reported no errors.

**06-bootstrap**

The accessibility of the css-grid has been assessed using the Wave extension and the W3C Markup Validation tool for HTML and CSS, both of which reported no errors.

**07-javascript**

The accessibility of the css-grid has been assessed using the Wave extension and the W3C Markup Validation tool for HTML and CSS, both of which reported no errors.

**08-*jquery**

The accessibility of the css-grid has been assessed using the Wave extension and the W3C Markup Validation tool for HTML and CSS, both of which reported no errors.